(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Haesung Corporation's daughter was found...)
(after 25 years, but she was a fake.)
(Episode 47)
Seo lied and sent his real child as Choi Eun Seok...
and committed a fraud...
How could they write such an article?
What's wrong with them?
Why are there articles about this?
Mom.
Daebang-dong.
They even included the name of our town.
Ji An. What do we do now?
I beg you.
Stop my children...
from becoming a criminal's children.
There will be no compromise.
Mr. No.
Please...
prevent the public from knowing...
that I'm the father of Ji Tae, Ji Ho, and Ji An.
But you'll receive money.
People will lower their heads before money.
I'm here.
You...
Get up.
What are you doing?
There's no use. Get up.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I'm glad you're well.
I'll handle this.
I heard you on my way here.
I'll handle it,
so you can relax.
Since we're in a rush,
I'll talk to Seo Tae Soo and let you know.
Let's go.
I knew it.
You can never give up the vice chairman position.
Mountain climbing?
Why would you go up if you'll come down again?
Vice Chairman Choi.
What do you want me to do?
You said you heard everything.
I can't hold a press conference.
- My children... - It's out already.
Someone already exposed...
that our daughters were switched.
What?
(Haesung Corporation's daughter was found...)
(after 25 years, but she was a fake.)
What? Who... Who would...
My Ji An. My Ji Soo.
Vice Chairman Choi. Ji An didn't do anything.
Neither did Ji Soo.
I know. I'm well aware.
As Mr. No said,
I'll take the blame.
Is there a way to bring this article down?
If people find out I switched the daughter,
Ji An can't survive. She can't.
I can't...
let her face humiliation due to my fault.
What...
should I do?
Like I said before,
I won't let you do as Mr. No said.
I'll find a way.
Wait for me at home.
Actually,
I think Ji An and Ji Soo should hide for some time.
I'll find a place and call you.
Bye now.
Vice Chairman Choi.
The vice chairman will set a date...
for Seo Tae Soo's press conference like you said.
He learned a lesson after wandering around.
But how did they write the article about...
Eun Seok being switched?
I know.
There must be a reporter...
considering the photos.
Was it you?
Why would I?
That wouldn't give any damage to No Myung Hee.
She's only a victim.
It's a shame on Seo Tae Soo's family.
But why isn't Myung Hee making a move?
I'm not sure.
She's always been Father's favorite.
I can't guess anything.
I thought she'd run here about now...
to pull my hair or something like that.
Dad.
Did you go hiking?
I'm sorry to have worried you.
Where were you?
I met with a reporter and asked for a favor too.
The tabloid and those three articles...
were all printed today.
But the sources are all different.
And the articles are from different agencies too.
You were appointed to be the president.
Why did you accept it? What about the factory?
I handed it over to Secretary Yoo.
I guess you belong to the Haesung family too.
Since you accepted the position,
you won't be able to leave the company again.
Grandfather...
collapsed because of me.
I couldn't cause Haesung falter.
Why did you resign, Dad?
Let's talk later since we have a pressing matter.
Since he didn't accept my resignation yet,
I am still the vice chairman for now.
You told me the other day...
that I won't be able to make Ji An happy...
and you weren't happy with the Haesung family.
Among causes of your unhappiness,
is Eun Seok's disappearance one of them?
Are you referring to the article in question?
That article isn't completely groundless.
So the article from 25 years ago...
is true?
I feel much better after telling you the story,
but you seem bothered by it.
You and Mom...
had a problem from the start of your marriage.
Because you got married after dating each other.
Is it time for you to wallow in your feelings?
You were raised in this family from the start.
I don't think it should shock you that much.
Anyway, we must discuss the problem...
Please excuse me.
News about Ms. Seo being in your family is out.
I wanted to make sure you knew.
Dad.
There's another article about Ji An and Ji Soo.
Did you not know already?
(Daughter Was Discovered, But She Was a Fake)
(Their long-lost daughter was switched with a fake.)
Who would write this?
Yes?
There's another article. Did you read it?
I did.
I'm going to handle it no matter what.
It's better to stay somewhere else until then.
Both you and Ji Soo.
I'll pick you up. Don't meet me at your house.
Meet me at the church after 30 minutes.
I can just stay here.
I can't leave my family behind.
The reporters might not know where I live.
Will you listen to me, please?
I just have a bad feeling about this.
Okay. Nothing will happen, but you must still leave.
Even if it's just for tonight.
Just until I look into this.
I'll go only after I see my dad.
I'll call him now,
so could you call Ji Soo? She must be really scared.
(Do Kyung)
(Incoming call, Dad)
- Dad. - Hey, Ji An.
Go to the house in Jeongseon now. Hurry.
What about you, Dad?
Don't worry about me. Just go now.
Ji An might be more comfortable with us.
She won't be comfortable around Do Kyung.
I just want to be alone with you.
I might not be able to see you for a few days.
I can go see you every day, so don't...
It's not that.
I wanted Ji An and Do Kyung...
to spend some time together.
What?
Even if they don't say a word to each other...
or fight,
I just wanted them to be together...
because their feelings are mutual.
Choi Do Kyung went back to Haesung.
Imagine how disappointed Ji An must have been.
Even I felt betrayed.
Disappointment doesn't erase your feelings.
You'd still miss and want to be with that person.
That's not something we can control.
Do you know how hard I tried not to like you?
You did?
But I couldn't.
My heart would beat...
regardless of my intention.
I'm worried that she might get hurt...
if she follows her heart.
But I'm sure she needs Do Kyung right now.
I don't know where I'd be without you today either.
My photos are in the articles.
Reporters would've visited me too.
I would've wanted to die if I were alone.
Why are you looking at me like that?
You look different.
This is how you were when I first met you.
Hold your sarcasm.
You will never understand me.
That's not true.
I'm sad because I understand you too well.
Get in.
Your eyes will go bad. Why are you in the dark?
Honey.
You can stop beating yourself up.
Whatever happens, we'll go through it together.
We are family.
Because we are family,
we are supposed to forgive each other's mistakes.
Your mistakes. My mistakes.
Let's deal with them together, Mi Jung.
Tae Soo.
You only texted Ms. Min that you're going away.
Did you go hiking?
It must've been nice to enjoy the view alone.
It was nice, but it was nothing but a short dream.
I read the articles and met with the chairman too.
What did Dad say?
I'm sure he must've come up with a plan.
Don't rely on him.
I deceived your father before coming back.
You deceived Dad?
What did you do? Why?
He was threatening Seo Tae Soo to take the fall.
He was threatening Seo Tae Soo?
Father told him to say at a press conference...
that he witnessed the car accident, abducted her,
sold the diamonds, and raised her.
If that happens, everything will be solved.
Did he say he will do that?
Do you want Seo Tae Soo to do that?
If he's willing to do that,
that would be our best solution.
There's a better one.
You having a press conference.
What did you say?
Do you think I can go on after admitting that?
You should rather just tell me to die.
I guess you haven't seen the article yet.
The article about Eun Seok getting swapped came out.
Ji An and Ji Soo's photos are on it too.
Although their faces were blurred out.
They put out Ji Soo's photo too?
Now, what will you do?
You don't feel like my mother...
at all.
If I had to find one reason to thank you,
it would be that you gave birth to me.
We have to take down the article.
Before Ji Soo's identity is known.
All journalists will swarm in like bees.
If you take it down,
perhaps Tae Soo will take all the blame.
But...
his face and identity will be publicly known.
So this is what you lied to Father about.
He thinks...
Tae Soo is going to have a press conference.
Doesn't he?
He has a heart problem.
But his second daughter is using it to her advantage,
and his first daughter is trying to get his help.
We won't be using Tae Soo to our advantage.
I did him a favor of lying to him because he's ill.
It wasn't because I was scared of him.
So you can choose now.
Choose how you will take care of this.
Will you admit all your mistakes in the past...
Or will you listen to people talking...
behind your back for the rest of your life?
Until things get settled,
I will keep my position as Vice Chairman.
What do you think...
I should do?
If you are going to have a press conference,
you'd have to bring Jo Soon Ok.
If you do that, Tae Soo will be revealed.
Soon Ok knows Tae Soo.
Then Ji Soo's identity will be revealed too.
I can't let that happen,
so you will not have a press conference.
Then?
What am I supposed to say about the article?
You should figure that out by yourself.
Have you eaten dinner?
I've eaten.
I haven't eaten.
Should we stop by a restaurant?
I will stay in the car.
I will try to take care of it as soon as possible.
Right.
However,
if...
and only if...
it doesn't turn out well,
what will you do?
You can't think right now, can you?
I found you a job.
You said you don't have a plan yet.
This is why I found a job for you.
This is...
strangely fascinating and funny.
I guess it's true that your position shapes you.
Since you've gone back, you've become the old you.
Why?
Are you going to find me a job abroad this time?
You must be very scared.
Yes, I am scared.
I am very scared.
It must've come from your family.
I'll be the bystander who gets hurt in a fight.
I will be stripped of everything...
and become a laughingstock to everyone I know.
Ji Soo won't be able to live as Ji Soo anymore.
And I won't be able to live well as who I am.
People in the world won't even...
acknowledge me and Ji Soo as sisters.
I will be the offender's daughter,
and Ji Soo will be the victim.
No.
It won't be just the strangers.
Ji Soo and I won't see each other as sisters too.
No matter how it happened,
Ji Soo became the victim and got swapped with me.
Am I supposed to comfort her or apologize to her?
It's killing me too.
We're terrible. My family is terrible, isn't it?
I am sorry.
What happened to them while growing up?
How could the sisters be so horrible to each other?
"Sisters"?
Are you suspecting Aunt Jin Hee?
The only people who knew I was once Eun Seok...
are the people at the gallery,
your family, my family,
Gwan Woo, and Hyuk's family.
Who would secretly take photos of me?
Why do you think it's her?
During the gallery incident,
she made Ms. Jin leak the news...
about finding Eun Seok.
Right.
Well,
We can't be sure though.
You must be busy at work and at home.
Why would you drive me?
I could go with Hyuk.
I told Mother that you're not going abroad...
nor are we getting married.
I didn't think she actually meant it.
I assumed you'd do that.
How...
did you know?
That she didn't mean it?
I just knew.
You've been inside of my family.
In that short amount of time,
you saw a lot of things.
The first rumor was about Do Kyung doing drug,
dating women, running away, and disappearing.
The second was about finding Eun Seok.
Ms. Seo, the daughter of Mr. Seo from Daebang-dong.
The cause of the accident was fabricated.
It began with a post written by Mr. Han...
in 1992.
The article was about swapping daughters.
(Swapping daughters)
I can't believe he stayed here.
I want him to move back to Seoul.
You arrived safely.
Yes.
Do Kyung, you can put down that article, right?
It has to be put down.
I will do whatever it takes.
Hyuk, let's go.
Now?
But it looks too dangerous for two women to stay.
Well, it'll be okay if we stay together.
This is where Dad stays,
so people don't know that we're here.
I will protect Ji Soo.
Okay.
I will call you on my way back.
How can you take your car when it's dangerous here?
They'll need a car to get food.
Get in my car.
I'll get going then.
Hey,
I am Ji Soo's brother.
Do you have a plan?
The article came out this evening.
What can I do to help?
Please protect Ji Soo well.
Soogyo-dong bulgogi and walnut cake.
Gosh.
It's freezing.
How does Dad manage to wash himself here?
I know.
Mom's really sorry, isn't she?
She is.
I'm tired. Let's sleep.
Ji An.
You said I was your other self.
Why are you keeping distance from me?
You're worried that you will be too sorry...
when my identity gets revealed, right?
Just worry about yourself.
What?
You are the one who will suffer the most...
if the news about swapping us gets out.
Aren't you scared?
The journalists will swarm around the bakery.
They will find out where you live too.
Even Hyuk might get in trouble.
Wouldn't Father and Do Kyung take care of it?
I hope they really do this time.
But...
No.
As your elder sister, I will tell you this.
Nothing bad will happen.
Trust me.
What? "Elder sister"?
I'm actually older than you, right?
You are nine months younger than me.
I know, but...
Gosh, you're unbelievable.
Ji An.
I am here for you. So get some sleep.
Stop it.
So this is how it feels.
What do you mean?
After pretending to be your elder sister,
I pity you.
You look so weak.
I can sympathize with you better.
Then will you continue to be my elder sister?
No.
I like you being my elder sister.
Be my elder sister for the rest of my life.
Okay.
You're scared, aren't you?
I am. I am scared.
This time, it is a little scary.
By the way,
doesn't the blanket smell like Dad?
It smells like Dad.
We forgot about Dad because we were worried.
How would Dad feel now?
(Reporter Nam Jung Soo)
(Main building 312, Ymoa News)
(6:15am)
(Main Building)
[VIU Ver] E47 My Golden Life "The Desperate One Moves First"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Is it true that you found your daughter?
Did someone swap your daughter?
Please say something regarding the rumor...
about what happened 25 years ago.
Please say something.
Their daughter got swapped?
This is huge.
The fake one must be so humiliated.
But wouldn't the fact that she's not rich anymore...
harder to bear than the humiliation?
But if this is real,
The Haesung family would not let it slide.
But it says they grew up as twins.
This is the irony of fate.
I wonder how it feels to wake up one day...
and become really rich.
Let's get to work.
Is this a story about someone else's company?
You guys are unbelievable.
(8:50am)
(68 Bo 9281)
(Ymoa News, Reporter Nam Jung Soo)
(Board of Directors Meeting Announcement)
(It's a mandatory meeting. Everyone must attend.)
(Dismissal of the CEO will be discussed.)
Dismissal of the CEO?
What is this?
Jung Myung Soo?
This was it.
They released the article to dismiss Father.
It was to persuade the directors.
How could they...
think about dismissing Grandfather?
How could Aunt and Uncle do this?
They planned to do this while Father collapsed.
No.
They've been preparing this since before that.
It's the strangest coincidence.
His collapse only made them even bolder.
I am sorry.
Let's talk about how to get through this.
We must release articles about the rumors.
We will then contact the directors.
This is an article about Eun Seok.
Aunt and Uncle are foolish for thinking...
that Grandfather will be dismissed on this ground.
I will have a meeting with the legal team.
You and Do Kyung should contact the directors.
I will meet Jin Hee first.
No Jin Hee.
What is it, Myung Hee?
"What is it?"
Was this it?
So you're the one who's been releasing articles.
Father is still alive, but you try dismissing him?
Have you gone insane?
Why can't Father be dismissed?
It's about time he stepped down.
He's old, he's not in good health,
and he's not acting properly.
What did you say?
He's the founder of Haesung Corporation...
and your father.
She only cared about his first daughter.
For 30 years, he pretended to compare who's better.
But from the start, you were his chosen one.
He always preferred you for being the first born.
But who really grew this company?
Was it Jae Sung? No. It was Myung Soo.
He worked so hard for this company.
Going to Europe?
Do Kyung ran away from home just for a girl.
Just because he's the eldest son,
Father let him take my husband's position.
Myung Soo will be the vice president once he's back?
I believe that.
But he'll only be a puppet just like your husband.
Father will make a slave of him all his life.
Until Do Kyung becomes the chairman.
So you converted delusions into action.
I'm impressed, Jin Hee.
I told you.
I also have ambitions.
Do you think you can beat me only with some gossip?
Father will be discharged in a few days.
You're just like the fox with the sour grapes.
Just cancel the board meeting,
and retract the news articles.
You do that.
Are there any articles that are untrue?
Why would I retract the news articles?
You seem determined.
Fine. Have it your way.
I'll see you at the board meeting.
Tae Soo.
Is this good enough?
Yes. Did you get the business card?
It's just printed out.
(Sanga Bank, Branch Manager Park Sung Yong)
I'll see you at the board meeting then.
Bye.
The number you have dialed is not available.
Yes, Director Kim.
Chairman No is still in good health.
We don't need the board meeting.
Yes. Please don't worry.
It's true that we found our daughter.
She was happily raised by Mr. Seo's family.
We won't respond...
to any groundless rumors or canards.
Let's just leave it at that.
Okay. We understood.
Hello? This is Reporter Nam Jung Soo.
Hey, this is Seo Tae Soo speaking.
How did you get the photos of my daughters?
You're Mr. Seo Tae Soo?
I'm in front of your office now.
Come see me in 10 minutes.
Otherwise, I'll go report you to the police!
Please wait.
I'm afraid I can't make it in 10 minutes.
Please give me 30 minutes.
By the way, are you really Seo Tae Soo?
You crazy jerk.
How dare you ask me that?
Just come here, and look at my face.
Okay.
But I'm out of office to cover the news.
It'll take at least 30 minutes.
Come here in 20 minutes!
Hello? Hello?
What should I do?
Hello? This is Reporter Nam Jung Soo speaking.
Are you the owner of the car 9281?
I'm calling you from the parking lot.
I accidentally...
- hit your car. - What... What?
Darn it!
What happened?
How could you crash a parked car like this?
I'm so sorry, sir.
As I was talking on the phone,
I stepped on the gas...
instead of stepping on the brakes.
This is terrible.
I have to leave as soon as possible.
I'm very sorry.
(Sanga Bank, Branch Manager Park Sung Yong)
You work at a bank in the neighborhood.
Do you want me to call you a taxi?
Or would you like to use my car?
I'm so sorry about this.
I have to be there in 20 minutes.
If you're busy,
just give me your card, and leave.
If you give me your keys,
I'll leave it to an auto shop.
And I'm 100 percent liable for this accident.
You don't have to call your insurance company.
- Thank you. - This is my card.
I have to rush off now.
So please let me use your car.
Okay.
Here.
Just use the car, and call me when you arrive.
I'll send one of my employees there.
Why are you calling me?
This isn't the right time.
This is urgent.
Ms. No Jin Hee.
I just got a call from Seo Tae Soo.
Seo Tae Soo?
He sounds very upset, and he wants to see me.
He even said he'd go to the police.
So I'm on my way to meet him now.
Can I interview him and release an article?
It'd be more fun if he would do things himself.
You'll still give me the follow-up news, right?
You said it'd be a scoop.
Of course.
Call me after you meet him.
I wonder what he's going to say.
Okay.
Tae Soo, you're a genius.
Why would a genius be here doing this?
Need makes the naked man run.
How did you come up with that idea?
When I started my business long ago,
a guy from a rival company spread rumors...
that my products contained toxic substances...
when I got a big order from Guatemala.
He even made fake files and spread it.
Of course the order was cancelled.
So I found out where he lived to catch him.
His car was in the parking lot,
but he never answered my calls.
- I remember that. Right. - You know that, right?
After waiting for half the day,
I scratched his car.
When I sent the security to his house after that,
he came down immediately.
You'd do anything in order to achieve your object.
You're doing this again to save your daughters.
I think Director Jung and Han turned away from us.
Director Park is not answering my call either.
Because of his lung problems,
Grandfather received briefings in Hawaii.
They're making an issue of it.
They say we don't know when he'll collapse.
It wasn't enough,
so they were pouncing on the past events...
with the issues of morality as justification.
And to make matters worse, he collapsed.
I'm sorry.
What if Father is dismissed,
and Jung Myung Soo becomes the chairman...
at the general meeting of stockholders?
Don't go overboard.
We still have time before the board meeting.
I should go tell Father.
Do you want to break his heart?
We should do what we can do first.
This isn't a serious situation.
He's right.
I'll keep calling Director Park.
Why didn't I know...
that Jin Hee would go this far?
It's true that we found our daughter.
We respect her choice that she wants a normal life,
so we won't make any comments on this matter.
We will take strong action on any groundless rumors.
That's the right answer.
It sounds just like Haesung Corporation.
Your father hid himself away after doing this?
It was for the best.
What about the doubts about 25 years ago?
That's the biggest problem.
Why did you not use Seo Tae Soo?
He's the best solution.
If the articles about him don't seem to work,
you should use his daughters instead.
He'd do anything for his children.
That's why I put him down in advance.
We can never do that.
Why not?
Because of Seo Ji An?
That's the first reason.
He's also Ji Soo's father.
And there's more.
I don't want to do that.
I can't use an innocent person.
I'll find another way.
What if I get dismissed?
How...
You fool.
You think I don't check things every day?
Your father and mother...
are busy picking up the pieces now.
Yes.
Ms. No Jin Hee and Mr. Jung Myung Soo...
have done some work behind the scenes.
They're just minnows after all.
They won't get far from their small pond.
I'll attend the board meeting.
They can fire me if they want.
Reporter Nam Jung Soo.
(Reporter Nam Jung Soo)
010...
Thank you. I'll make it up to you.
Please get me Nam Jung Soo's number.
I'll do what I can.
He'll be waiting. I was distracted by the meeting.
(Seo Tae Soo)
Hello?
I'm in a hurry.
Ms. No Jin Hee.
I just got a call from Seo Tae Soo.
You'll still give me the follow-up news, right?
You said it'd be a scoop.
This is...
Yes. This was recorded earlier today.
And this one...
is a recording of the reporter's call...
to Ms. No Jin Hee made via Bluetooth.
Are you sure that one of these women are really...
No Myung Hee's daughter?
You want to check after you took a down payment?
When will you give me the next tidbit?
Choi Do Kyung's scandal with the fake daughter.
Do you have proof of that?
You're only showing that you're a rookie.
We're in the same boat, and I paid you.
Keep quiet, and row the boat.
You'll get the info next week.
I'll pay you the rest when the article's out, okay?
I think this should do it.
How did you...
I said I'd get you the reporter's number.
The desperate one moves first.
Vice Chairman Choi.
I think...
someone took the photos deliberately.
It was intentional.
What do you mean?
I think it's someone close by.
There's a reason for everything.
I'm a mess now,
but until 10 years ago I was a businessman.
I went through all sorts of things.
Suspicious things are never coincidental.
I do agree,
but the swap of our daughters...
There's nothing to gain.
The other articles may, but not the swap.
Yes, I know that.
From the initial scandals to the articles.
I looked up everything from 25 years ago too.
The article about the past...
targeted your family for sure,
but not the one about our swapped kids.
I'm the evil one for conning your family.
As victims, that article wouldn't cause you harm.
So why did they have it printed?
With photos too?
That's what I don't get.
There must be someone behind it.
What do you mean?
The swapped daughters and your family...
has Ji An in common.
Ji An?
I believe that...
they'll print another article exposing...
your son and Ji An's relationship.
At a crucial time.
Do Kyung's the target?
There's no other reason for them to do this.
It wouldn't be just to embarrass the family.
The initial scandal...
mentioned women, drugs, and leaving home.
The fodder's already there.
I think you're jumping to conclusions.
Nobody knows about them,
and this is just challenging the chairman.
Please get me Nam Jung Soo's number.
I'll do what I can.
Are you sure that one of these women are really...
No Myung Hee's daughter?
You want to check after you took a down payment?
When will you give me the next tidbit?
Choi Do Kyung's scandal with the fake daughter.
Do you have proof of that?
I apologize.
The agenda would be...
to dismiss No Yang Ho...
and appoint you as the CEO.
To do that, you ruined our family's name.
I thought it was for the greater good.
And it's all true.
Let's say you adopted our...
father-in-law's way of stopping at nothing.
But did you have to crush Do Kyung to get your way?
When you want to become a CEO?
You won't believe it, but I didn't know.
Take down all the articles...
about Eun Seok and our past.
If they hear Do Kyung was slandered by his own aunt,
would the shareholders vote for you?
I can't cancel the meeting.
Chairman No's dismissal is best for the company.
I wouldn't dare demand that.
You and your wife jumped into a fire already.
You already prepared to release another article.
You didn't meet Seo Tae Soo?
Why not?
Reporter Nam.
Did you check the caller was really him?
Is someone onto you?
Let's talk again soon.
Why did you...
give the reporter information on the swap?
That wasn't in our plan.
I wanted to uproot them for good.
Why don't you ruin the whole company?
Do Kyung is what's keeping Haesung going.
He's the chairman's oldest male heir.
He needs to stand strong...
for Haesung to survive.
That's why I said we shouldn't touch him.
You have no idea.
Do Kyung's the biggest threat.
We're only safe if he's gone.
That's an issue for later.
We can deal with it then.
What I want...
is to expand Haesung on my own.
I don't want your family eradicated.
The article on Eun Seok's disappearance...
was enough to get Myung Hee and Jae Sung.
But how did you find out about all that?
Take it all down.
Everything about Eun Seok's disappearance.
All those articles?
(Haesung's Heiress Found After 25 Years)
(No results)
Aren't you cold?
I am.
Let's call Dad.
(Call list)
(Dad)
Hi, Dad.
Ji An, it's sorted out.
What do you mean?
The articles.
They're gone.
The articles are gone? How?
Come to Seoul. Let's eat together.
Okay, Dad. We'll leave right now.
I'll call you on our way.
Ji An, the article's gone. It's not there.
(Requested page not found.)
Even the article on Mom's past is gone.
What happened?
Hello?
Your dad took down the articles.
My dad did it?
What do you mean?
He helped me out big time.
He helped you out?
Okay.
Honey, the articles are gone.
Yes, Ji An, I saw it too. They're gone.
Dinner? Sure.
Goodbye.
It's great to work together.
We're at home and at work together.
It's all thanks to Ji Soo.
She always leaves early or misses work.
See? Things keep happening.
Ji Soo does nothing, but people around her...
I'm going to...
fire her.
You'll fire her?
Why?
She realized she can't have...
both love and a career.
That's her fate.
She has to choose one.
Do you mean that?
Is it because of me?
Goodness.
It's not about you.
This bakery means too much to me.
If it happened twice,
it can always happen again.
Hyuk will be upset.
She's lucky to have a boyfriend like him.
I need someone who can work for me entirely.
The articles are gone.
Lucky you.
Have you heard from your future in-laws?
I'm worried for you.
You can leave our gathering.
I understand if you feel embarrassed.
They want me out?
(0.1 million)
What?
Seo Hyun, are you frustrated and down?
Come outside.
You never wanted to see me again.
I realized I still owe you one.
Come out.
I'll help you get rid of all your stress.
Right hand on top, and left on the bottom, right.
Then your second joints should be aligned.
- Like this? - Yes, not bad.
Okay, next.
Look straight ahead, pull your chin down,
keep your eye on the ball,
and twist your waist...
to hit the ball with all your might.
Hey.
Watch out, will you?
Go outside, and watch me.
Okay.
Watch carefully.
Nice one, Seo Hyun. Well done.
Nice.
Well done.
Well? Is the stress gone?
One more round, please.
- It's Dad. - Dad!
Dad.
Where's Mom?
I sent her inside because it's cold.
Dad, how much can we eat today?
We're sending Ji Tae to the army.
Why do you want to stuff yourself?
You can eat two portions.
Okay then. Three.
Can I eat four?
Just one portion.
- Just one portion. - Hey.
Let's go inside. It's cold.
- Dad. - Dad.
Dad.
Thank you, Dad. Thanks so much.
Well done, Dad.
Thank you.
Is that why you suggested we come here to eat?
Dad, can you eat bulgogi?
Three portions.
He checked both dashboard cameras just in case.
This reporter...
talked to No Jin Hee with a Bluetooth headset.
So we got the whole conversation...
and No Jin Hee's voice on tape.
That's awesome.
How did you think of that?
From experience from my days as a businessman.
How do you all about...
what your dad did?
What?
Well, my dad told us what had happened.
Soo A, eat all you can.
I will. It's delicious.
We used to be regulars here. Here.
You should eat a lot too.
- Here. - Okay.
You're eating well.
Why wouldn't I? The food's delicious.
Mom's birthday, sometimes on our birthdays,
and on your wedding anniversary.
Right. Didn't you say you proposed to Mom here?
My goodness. When did he tell you that?
Dad, you proposed?
How did you do it?
Today...
is our wedding anniversary.
- Today? - Today?
Yes.
You remembered that? My goodness.
Mom's embarrassed.
Mom.
- Hey, eat up. - Okay.
They vote on dismissing the chairman today.
What do you think?
They won't fire him. He's the founder.
If he is fired,
will Choi Do Kyung take over?
Is Jung Myung Soo out then?
Was he made president of Haesung Apparel...
to be made chairman next?
No Yang Ho wouldn't give up like that.
He's famous for starting from nothing.
Did you expect me to come in a wheelchair?
I left the hospital yesterday.
All members are present.
We shall begin the meeting.
The first agenda...
is the dismissal of Chairman No Yang Ho.
The causes are...
dereliction of duty due to poor health...
and his dogmatic style of business management.
Would you like to make your defense?
Why would I if I am here to get fired?
Go on.
Then we shall begin the vote...
on Chairman No's dismissal.
If you vote yes, please stand.
Out of the 20 present, 12 people agreed.
I announce that Chairman No...
will be removed from office.
Next, there's a demand from the shareholders...
on the new CEO.
The only candidate...
is Jung Myung Soo.
I have another suggestion.
Please speak.
I would like VC Choi Jae Sung...
and Haesung FNB's No Myung Hee...
both removed from the board.
What?
Did you sleep well?
No.
How's the test result?
You...
do have a stomach cancer.
I see.
But why did the last hospital...
There are different types of stomach cancers.
Do you see this?
This is Borrmann type 4.
It's spread at the bottom.
So it's sometimes not found in biopsies.
Does that mean...
it was a misdiagnosis?
You can say that.
Then...
how much time do I have left?